Hello friends, I, Piyush Patel,
from Profits to Meet, welcome you all
to the review of Star Health and Allied Insurance Company.
Friends, today we will discuss Star
Health as well as
general insurance company
because it is a growing sector. So
friends, we can study it in a little detail here. We will do this in the
coming satsang and in the years to come, a
tremendous wealth can be created. It is possible that
once you invest, the companies in this sector
can give you money for life. So
friends, if you want long term wealth
creation and consistent income, then the information we will
talk about in the coming minute can
definitely be useful. Friends, we have gathered
information for a few days. First of all, let's
look at the company.
Who is Star Health? Many of you were
seeing this message about the IPO of this company.
We will go through many reasons, but first of all, it is
Vigneshwar. So friends, it is the largest
private health insurance company. Let me
repeat, it is not just Justin, but the
biggest insurance company. There are big general
insurance companies, but this is
definitely the largest private health insurance company, that is, those
working in health insurance.  The
biggest company, friends, is from India. The
return premium is around Rs 9,500
crore and this is a good thing, friends,
this year these people will also cross the length mark of Rs 10,000 crore.
They have
crossed the length mark of Rs 10,000 crore.
Friends, by scraping these crore plus slices,
which industry are they talking about because if they were long, then
these people are writing in general insurance.
This product is based on beautiful principles and belongs to the
insurance industry
and the health insurance industry in India is
still in the early stages of its life cycle and is
still considered a well-penetrated industry.
Friends, let us know about
its offer of Rs 900. You are being offered a
loan of Rs 100 crore for Libra. The technical aspect is Rs 100 crore and it will
remain in the last quarter. Friends, you may also have chances.
You will feel that this is
not such a small ICU, which you had
seen in part in fake IPOs. Small ICUs do not seem to be there
and they have a very high ICU because there are many fake ones, so
this is not so small. The value of the entire issue in
2008 is
around six crore shares, which will go
electronically, so they will buy almost all of it.
5000 and missing altogether we can see
this is the IQ of a saint approximately 8 so
friends you will feel that the city has the moon
in 28 why if we cut out all these IQs then the
first lesson was done friends Suresh Bhai
Suresh Ji Suresh Shishu Yagnik company has its own
equity but from this you will
also get the equity of Devi company how much will the company have this
2000 on auditing Aniket
friends 2000 crores have been added to the total equity the network of the company is
also going to be added to it remember this
or what is the bread object of the company
friends this ₹2000 friends the company will work by
maintaining the capital base and school lineage level that the
₹5000 and a half of the party will not come to the company it will go to the
old stake holders
₹5000 and a half is going to go here it will
not come to the company it will go to the old street vendors
you have also made their list
friends this is called list A which is the
list of the tailing shareholders so
who is the biggest linked shareholder friends save
Investment India Limited whose  The nearby
direction is that in this list, about three crores are going to be
given to the city, apart from these, Champions
Trophy Tree, York University of Notre
Dame 3174 Black Vol, put up the complete list,
we would like friends to share this
and friends, the list is long, the total is 5000
crores, so if we look at the current holding pattern, then
who is their biggest shareholder, Investment India Limited in etc.
and the sand on the back, friends, the
tag of these people is about 26 crores, enemies
Shiv has Vijay, out of 26 crores, three crores of the
city, if we bring this up, then
how much of just about akb48 will be diluted from here,
apart from them, you see here,
friends, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala also has
50% in his name, from paper to paan in the name of Wise and the
second layer 80 and in some other names, if
we see the total, about 90% is also with the first one Rakesh
Bhai, but his name was
not linked in the shareholders, so this
note stake holder Rakesh Bhai has also
invested his money in a company, friends,
how do we know that in the last one year  Out of these,
how many shares did the link shareholders
buy and at what price did they get?
This is the complete list in front of you. There is
no tax weighted average private 2001
wedding last point, friends, look at this data, it does
not look good that friends of save
property investment,
so
around 3 crore 48 lakh shares are about to be sold, so
look at this city, they had a
profit of 30 thousand rupees, clearly, they bought
398, they are giving us Rs.900
in a year, friends, you must not have read the pin or three times
elevation, this is something,
Rakesh Bhai, he also bought shares for around Rs.5
and we are taking Rs.900 in this
reception, at least not up board Singh,
friends, most of the people, you
see, are keeping this for almost dead, foot high school,
we have come to
buy it from them for Rs.900, so one thing is certain, we are buying a lot more than
these people, if the
people bought it the day before yesterday, then it is fine,
but last year if this and selling three times the
problem, this did not happen at all, friends, after all,
we were here  Reference normal moving a
little further well namaskar come on son let's
check the use of people in a little anger
most bell
major son first of all we should see friends the
equity of the company because from that the
equity of the company as you can see
Gurjar
subscribe to
and increasing has increased by about five and a half
hundred crores in 2021 so how big is this tweet
that many investors stake holder
meeting friends have invested money
interesting Gular whoever invests
less than this the last daughter of the current year is worth 500 crores the
total equity of the company if we see then
in 2019 friends it was worth 1200 crores Meena
which today is worth about 8
hands free
2001 about 320 crores I am watching this pair at home the
latest full
320 crores this comment friends
remember investor shareholders did not fall only on profit only
₹10 below
investor share holder roli has also
taken two hundred and fifty rupees so that money also came in the network
friends so we can know here
that the total network of about 320 crores company is in
front of us  The
book value of the selling company is around Rs 5820, along with this, there is an
online company of around Rs 650 crore,
under this you will not gift it totally dead here
friends, but the
total network of Rs 300 crore is decreasing by Rs 650 crore in
front of typing
and there will be some such companies too and in this the
point has not been bowed at all on the head of the head, but these
people will collect the data of friends a little more well in the coming time,
apart from these, if we search for the company, then the business has come
in the match, let me go a little, the
total income of 2019 was Rs 4000 crore,
Meena, this is a
decreasing part of Rs 4000 crore, I will give you 7.5 that
friends, this is a very good thing, we should
see it one day friends, the
worry is increasing on the verge of 2%, so this is the sun of this
jungle inch race, the group of companies of 3032 contract
itself, the general insurance company, 20
types of crime is increasing due to some friend,
properly copy of health insurance  The enjoyment of this is
very good, so it is a plus point for them
that their growth is good, along with that
friends, if you look at this, the
profit of Rs 3 crore in 2019, double the
profit of 2020, but a big setback in 2021, so as much as
we shout that the
health insurance employees are the
biggest player in the market, that is a
positive point, thank you, there is profit in the past,
put a negative point in front of it
because last year was also related to a lot of
health-related problems
and it was not a good time at all,
last year due to this a lot of claims came
and you saw that a loss of about Rs 900 crore was incurred, it is
possible that friends,
if the other general insurance companies would
not be in health, they would have made profit due to diversification,
Mahaprabhu's hand,
as I think that they have made a big profit, so
here this company, because their entire
concentration was on health, the
positive point has become negative, we have got a
17 rupee abstinence flower, we will have to
remember
how much the value was last year, but this
person has increased again because  The money has come in, we used to make proper
profit, we have to keep
this in mind, so
in the coming time we will make so much profit, so friends,
today's
hello friends, this entire
qualification of income and play, usually this
agency will
take this decision of 4 crores of 2019 in front of friends with 5,000, with great
enthusiasm, in 2000 there were approximately 3000 crores
because there was a
problem of about
500 crores and that is why friends, the company law
board has said that the company has incurred a loss of 900 crores last
year, till now the margins of the company used to
come from last year,
taking the edge of the company, tube, then this
company goes into bad times, so
friends, on the
basis of this, we have to do not ₹100, the
company says that many of our quality are
positive, many of ours and let's
see what they are,
hello friends, what the company says that it is number
one and largest, let's remind that
again, it is not in the general inch, it is
definitely number one in Just Help,
secondly, its distribution system is the
biggest, this decision should be seen as positive or negative on 20,
you have to think  That the biggest
distribution system has a
network of agents but it is necessary that it does
more positive than other companies but it can be
through other systems
that the quality of the
product is very good, the
product
management is good but last year I suffered loss on the
basis of quality I don't
think that it is
just that let's do all these
things, apart from these friends if
we reduce the quantity then the
first tip is seen in positive tractor,
friends I saw you roaming around the city on running, last
year keeping the crowd in mind the negative
came up, no problem, last year it was negative when there was
profit then it was ₹5,
in future next year we will help with eight and a half contract
GPS,
maybe this year also and that can also be
prank, then let's go back to Black Hair, the
company's profit will come, then you must have
seen the history of the company from eight and a half to nine, so
how much will we keep, eight and a half to nine rupees,
definitely less for something, you are going to be employed this year,
next year if I go by the job history then
divide it by a hundred times, it is not a good thing at all, what is my IQ
that printer no network negative - 24th
your return and network positive  That
too was very special by
noting that your return was closed
friends we should keep in mind that the
returns and network of Nirmal Singh are
not so extraordinary this return and
network if we look at other companies
Bajaj can inch and your acquisition can rise
so the return network of other companies is
more so this is given by vinegar
we look at NV headquarters and it was towards ₹1
this year if there is a loss of four to five rupees then
see this it will become Rs.55
ignorant friends my thoughts are hungry on missions
so nothing is being set that much in three parameters
friends we will
not give them so many positive points now friends we are
standing on the unrighteousness of patience I will compare my
songs such opposite ward and town ghee oy give the
numbers Jasmine
because Bajaj Allianz
undergraduate company
Bajaj Finserv has 3581 in Bajaj Finserv instead of Bajaj passage
line which will remain definitely another lesson
Bajaj Finance you Bajaj Finserv
properly General Insurance  I am not copying
but still keep a director approach, if you
can compete with Mafi Kumar Singh then
let's count the competition between both, the premium
enquiry of C people ward is
100 crores friends, then the
premium income of ICICI Lombard is 14 thousand crores
in front of Star Health office,
who is bigger, such belonging flood
gets more premium and these Southern
crores is gold dear friends
in this much premium and made a profit of about 1500 crores,
similarly last year
this huge help claim is also high,
but still profitably if this gives us
special things for us friends almost of plastic
then the marksheet came here,
if we compare Avatar Help with this,
against the picture it was good, it was the second largest company but it was
launched, friends, if you close such bad times then
in future also if any
such blood comes, then your company can
launch, so we did
not expect concentration, right let me tell you this, then let us talk about
your profitability,
secondly, I will be in flood, Star is that
I will be afraid of this network friends,
your half  7 Shahrukh's 21 looted
that here my network is of empty jar Ansari
crore, let's say ₹2000 net will be closed, there will be
some lock in front of it, so that little attack is
fixed, return on net worth is best Prakash Rai's
India,
where the return and network is 4
%, but after the retail network is
2000 crore, here
after Kumar, you Patrick friends, I also said
164 that
here I invested ₹50, then
if I get ₹1500 in 15 shops,
friends, in
1515 shops, I am taking ICICI Lombard, a company which has a turnover of 1500 crores,
15000 times turnover and a
profit of 15 crores,
whereas according to expenses, friends Mirza
Sada, converting crores, marking 900 crores
and such a company, which last
year the stakeholders have
collected goods to friends for ₹15, not present age
friends, friends of such age or more, even then
friends, I need to explain that,
this trailer should be given immediately.
Friends, it is a better option than ICICI Lombard Star Health.
Look at the industry over,
friends, it is of interest that it has an
overall effect on the country's bird, friends,
our friends, till now, if you look at the last five years, it was only six and a half
inches, last
see, it is
coming here, friends, please
subscribe, so this is
good for the Indian industry,
friends,
what are the growth drivers for Indian GDP,
friends, India has the second
largest population in the world, by 2030,
this is also friends, India has the largest
population and the second favorable demography,
where the country will remain productive,
urbanization has come, right now a pin has
come to them, friends, till now the whole of urbanization, till now
most of India lives in hotels,
in the last ten years, the judicial use vehicle built here will
give more pickup, your
bird per capita growth is the fastest in the world, so
in India, the increasing
GDP per capita bag is that and
Rahu is the new percent, so of
cross domestic savings,
friends, look at it, India is a like-sharing
country, this is because it keeps spending, so
this  If yours is good, we
earn less but you are saving better than the world,
or look here,
friends, approximately 2% of your pending income is going to be
how much last year
it was 600 after stealing, friends,
if you compare it, we told you that it was
definitely a broom, bring it to 22%, if you
look at the proper savings in the world tractor, then there is
sixty four thousand fifteen thousand
household sector feeling, in which what does
this friend go swing in
physical activities in the form of gold
and silver ornaments, if
you know 40 in that, then this also becomes 20%,
friends, India is quite good,
friends, saving comes towards the series by doing the reverse,
this volume setting is like this, friends,
professional go global
2012 cartoon friends, anyway, if you people are doing it, then the
setting of your vision is not bad,
so see the liability from this report also,
function Prem Nikhil Sari is 6001, so this is
not like the developed countries, that the
liability is more and the feeling is less, we
believe in Indian setting and this chapter  By
looking at this you are getting to know that friends,
your savings are still good
friends, your savings in physical acid are
24000, see, whatever you have invested in it, the same amount of
money is being invested in physical acid now,
your savings in gold and silver is
14312, friends, this
is the entire trading graph of India, now one thing pair, when you used to
earn 33,000, then
see how much you invested in financial setting, 10
rupees today friends, if you have a domestic
saving, if your current GDP per capita is
1.5 lakh, in that Singh Rathore
domestic setting up will be 64,000, then
your income will be big, big savings of 64,000, the
fifth setting of friends will be 10,000 to 1,000,
so the simple thing is that it is expected that
by 2030 your GDP per capita is going to be around
₹1000000, so if ₹3 if your
spinal cord per capita  There is
no doubt that you are saving 23 thousand rupees,
this is about 50 thousand rupees, friends,
Vananchal Savings including Om Vyas, who is going to formally come down, is going to
tell you a good question stop market life insurance general insurance company for your skin improvement, so
why not get growth in it, friends,
now there can be a mistake, so
you can see that part of the four lists is
towards Jogi Savings, 150 percent hand
is towards financial savings and it will remain so in the coming time,
friends, so your income
is increasing and the industries that increase your feelings, let
us directly see
how much difference the health insurance industry will make.
Tubelight health interest
insurance industry, if we see, is
a big industry with a cap of 1.5 trillion US dollars worldwide, that is,
half of the industry is associated with India, friends, the
health insurance market friends, friends,
mainly drives the features of the gurus, that
our major expenditure is behind the help, friends, so
when there is expenditure behind the help, then to
avoid this expenditure, we people
According to insurance,
friends, this is covered so that these expenses do not fall apart, that is why the
government is also
chasing different countries
and right now Corona has written a big article
that we all must have health insurance.
If you look at the density of health insurance, then there is a huge increase
in the Indian health range.
If we compare health insurance
with other countries, then you have a
complete line in front of you. Leave aside Japan, if you look at the entry of China since 2017, then
both of us have the same population, but on
average, if an average Indian is
able to pay 11 times more insurance premium, that is, it has increased five times more than their friends. So
now this office will fall short
in the next ten years like China. Similarly,
your insurance
premium is going to be less in the states.
Friends, this industry will support you tremendously.
Yes, son, friends, in front of you, health care
painting in India and comparison, so often
Google Market, how much does India spend
on health care, these companies are backward.
Hello viewers, developed countries like Germany,
France, Basic  Entries are 10:00 so you 50%
depends on finding a boy, on average
world spends around 110 and
India spends up to three and a half rupees on healthcare, in comparison
to visit
in China, there are drops percent, so we are
adding very less money for some help, if you do
this math then right now
expenditure on public health and public healthcare
expenditure in India is very low, if
according to you friends 73% is
private expenditure, then private
expenditure means approximately 20 taka is government
investment, total annual
expenditure which is distributed among the people by the central government, don't repeat,
70% people are also black, that
means we can also spend from cheap,
apart from government, this expenditure can
also be private insurance or
some company benefits, in different
ways friends, 70% money in people's pocket
today is expenditure on health  It goes
back which is very high
friends in this case if there is
no insurance then it becomes like pledging the jewellery
and this is what friends and
Malik watch the channel
set the alarm up to date absolutely not
board in the coming time you will see the comment expenditure
also increasing and the investment cover also
increasing inch by inch and through the app I have given you
account copy expenditure of
percentage of total health care friends such a
bad thing this chart this chart was expected the
commission had told the next day before the budget when the
group was presenting friends output expenditure in India goes up to
63.22 so that too needs some politics
if a major disease occurs a person will remain alive
friend how much percentage he has to pay for his
gypsy expenses types of
definitely not good things now if we compare it point
by point then the world also has to
take out a part of their pocket so in India
this court is very strong and that is why
we have Ayushman Bharat
etc etc etc we have some plans see and
in this budget the government and can be spending had done
dry tune
Keeping these things in mind, then in the coming time,
Gopu, this book should improve well,
so we will definitely have hope for this film.
Now let me look at another important thing that
how help and personal accident insurance is
called Indian, like if you
see the total cross premium of general insurance companies, use last year,
150-140 crores, all these people
together have collected premium, friends.  In
this, personal accident insurance and
travel insurance cover the flight,
apart from this, a sum of ₹5000 was mentioned
in which the third 2% friends, health
insurance has the entire general insurance
approach, health insurance
looks at different types friends,
life insurance company
general,
secondly there are some people
who take on the graph and then
this product of buffalo insurance, among some
companies there are motor insurance
etc. There is a best of different products,
some companies profit on standalone health insurance
and some live cage
companies also by mixing them in some packages, you will get this
basic policy, friends,
here friends I have added five companies
which we will do that
specializes in standalone health insurance,
add it, that is, in future something like this is being
written, the
standalone health insurance companies are
2 Star Health, about which we are talking today,
Max Bupa, Aditya Birla and Manipal,
Parvez Nazli, we come here, apart from these, there are many
private sector insurance
companies, two help do not sell towards 10th look,
chick book will be in which many
companies come in Baikunth  Very famous when did
you know friends such people flood who's
list is full like Bajaj Allianz on HDFC
Ergo two which are currently photo cute IG etc etc
some government companies with that
here RU
84 your government companies all these
together make up the entire world of general insurance
companies
where to invest more hours on the company it
also takes profit from the business
and if we take their share then we
get some money for life right let's see
who can give this to
you we have a little Indian the other day
if you understand the district then from the day before yesterday
health insurance company has come in the waist in
which the names of companies like your general insurance
national insurance gunde witch oriental insurance
come up the day before yesterday
government companies are
good experts in penetration in India but when one
felt in 2015 there was an
interview in a private company and many different
private general insurance companies
started working with point I am
private clear in general insurance in India
so who will be mostly who see
some balance  Companies like
HDFC launched ID in banks that I will take, which is a
big company, one parent company, they
should have been a person's life, Bajaj launched General,
which was not in banking,
but bank Bajaj Finance started with Intelligent Track Bajaj
Finance Professionals started Full Life, be it
in the jungle or tissue, in this way
different OTP started, old players, who are the
new players, who are the pride of birth,
private will have less market,
government will have some market,
which we will have to take care of, when we are in a
complete business under one roof,
you can see that
after the arrival of private insurance, you saw that
Health Web increased 16
times from physical
2221. Today, if this first year student does
business worth crores, then the company did not even have 1 crore.
In 2009, user agreement or Hussain in
this product is in the field of different companies in health
insurance. In 2010, we saw that
in 2015, private insurance was introduced,
before that 100 percent of the insurance was from the
government i.e. public sector.
Insurance has seen a
change in the last 20 years, where did the hundred percent
market go, twenty seven percent
market is with the private sector, only
6% market is with
20%, along with this, it is with standalone health
insurance and the footpath is
empty, friends, the public sector remained empty, so there was a lot of
penetration so that the private sector has a
lot, friends, now what is the
disorder, friends, there is a share of different government
health insurance, friends, there are three
statements, one is
friends, friends, group business has the biggest
lip fat, friends, the turnover of group business
is
45%, like retail business, so these two things are the
biggest, the government can
consume more, friends,
where one thing is clear, friends,
private companies are doing tremendous group,
we can know this here, along with this, the
group is also doing great,
this pick up epidemic which came, helped in profit,
how did the insurance crush
pack, now you can see this chart in
front of you, motor marine and president flat
on health insurance industry 6 percent
growth war group, from where did the
stain anger come, retail  Send a business message
that you can also see the second chart,
group to retail till 28 and their eyes are bursting, you will have to
listen to rock playlists, otherwise it will be the
turn to keep gold and silver jewellery, life is
not a very good thing, friends, and
he needs these clothes, so
friends, if Corbett has
supported the having income industry, this is
project growth, friends, in the last 15 years, the
health insurance industry is growing from the brink of 98%,
this is the process of technical health insurance, in the coming five
years, friends, it is expected that the premium will be on the verge of ATM collapse, so the
past
time was also good, friends, the future time is also
good, now think about it, friends, peace will fall,
but your health insurance will
grow on the verge of 8%, so definitely
friends, attention should be paid to health insurance,
how many lives could we really cover, so this data is in
front of you, friends, so
a person, you can see that
in 2016, half friends, train nine crore lives,
total inch half, which after reading now,
if you look at the current data of Twenty20, friends, this figure has
increased to eight crore, friends, by the way,
comments also have a contribution in this.  The skins
they launched all separately, overall you will
see that this growth will
grow very well in the times to come and the
coverage of even the sick person is falling short, there is a link,
hello friends, you should read this news, only then
everyone can stay safe,
hello viewers, payer back marking, if we
look at the entire insurance industry, then
all the companies on one hand are top 10 computer hot
standalone health insurance, in which the
biggest player is you, the player number
one is you, Sanskar Help and Public Health
Inch and if we give this week committee and
chapter note on D, then it is coming from 17, so I
say forget 17 also, then look at your three-four
companies, if it is in health, then it is the
star, in the leg government, the New India
Assurance has the biggest problem and has
charged on private edge balance friends,
instead of this general insurance company war,
HDFC Agro General Insurance is the second largest, I will take
big on Twitter, so these three companies are the strongest,
the portal private health insurance,
if you keep an eye on the top, then these
companies are also responsible for 50% turnover  Respond
useful Dimple will keep in mind the general insurance
industry has come like so the first data we
look at is the total premium on this empty
help Surendra Africa or overall so I have
told you who are the biggest companies Bajaj Auto
ICICI HDFC and these are the three
biggest companies in the private sector
friends if you are looking at health insurance then for the
first time there is a
star in private that side like you have
here date of last year
ban and Garden and New India have become the
biggest companies with a turnover of 10,000 crores the
way you are
looking at it in rabbit then Star Health is
equal to the alarm
that if these people have done the insurance premium in health then
if it is a matter of
number and policy also there are stars then
more yogasanas are the names of private companies
you have the most polythene Star Health
Dinesh has
pregnancy 6390
phone number one day help I am
not talking about the entire general insurance and the
most ads are talking about empty health
then Star Health is number one otherwise
instead of jalebi  And the number of claims of IPL is the
measurement
data, so you can see the data of the play, so friends, take
help and clear 100% in a month,
but wait,
also see that the PM has cleared 100%,
but the number of claims he has will
also be the lowest, inch and
MP politics, less complaints will come,
clear the decency, here you gas you like,
comment companies, that bud first got involved in me,
and in front of them
they also make a lot of claims, so
more, as per your clarity, it takes time, so you have to
clear the inch quickly,
in one such district and such a problem, there is
another name here,
Prayash, those who have composites, they will go, so
let's quickly share and this character gives
near
time, friends, important thing
250 Jalansh and SBI General Lord Thomas Some
Tips Player Trend Great Underwriting
Profit Fixed Plan Serial 2018
Latest Clear which was the underwriting profit,
underwriting problem which shifted to premium income,
now the income which is in your investment  When
profit came from income then you
made profit and different thing a friend like many
companies have made profit on it but there are
two companies which have
shifted to underwriting so it is a
great thing that Patanjali is giving you its general
for both the students grade A
statue is important soft important
here the accused that whatever paste we
put in you will get what return on
total equity Ravana's if not retail has fixed
how is it that
kids friends here the
accused of government company is looking active
appositely opinion but if I am
referring to some blood, look these people can do business
strongly and these people are profitable
so friends who is that HD Appears
why is it not the solution of things but
when you come to this then you can fill in a few letters not that much but
when the
IPO of this star comes then the population will have to sit right
star quality is not there then you can get ad behind
Gyi SBI General or 21 Longoria Bajaj
Allianz's General Musharraf
see star is visible  You have negative
return on equity
dysplasia, let's go when it's good time pain, anything like that
so that extra ordinary
ji is on leave, while you are
contacting this with your other company, that
product is ready SP BSP, more fun before how to
install, why
is there no guide, because it will come from both sides,
then we will see, now the
name of SBI General comes, so friends in the bank,
SBI bank deposit has to be prepared,
so apart from banking, side General MP is
not doing dreams, is it doing or not, then there is
API on WhatsApp online
theater, along with TB tournament, better
ready request, flood in the districts of I,
this is the only listed company with us, the
rest is not an individual state, I have a
state in Pimple Estate, Beach Soil, Kitchen, so you will have to
take that of things from six and then the
investment itself is Bajaj company, apart from them, private
companies have so much power, let me see here
type in the
President's total investment, what is the
other investment of the companies, let's
talk about serious and cardamom in hair, not that
this year's return news, investment in
this has decreased, which  To the very good one cup
whose how much investment is there please their
own weight is famous theirs would be
this 6 minutes and apart from them general engineer
your private copies should be
wasted right now Bigg Boss
names are coming on top you should have a third HDFC
Reliance SBI General
and Bajaj Allianz Ripley
in investment so all these companies are
coming to India by worrying about investment
a solvent thing of all your
companies is also good rally
hello friends if we fold all these things then
who is the king of the market then the
biggest liability charge is HDFC and
ICICI Lombard right Vijay we should keep in
mind if there is no list of earlier period then it
look part this is its IPO
that Bhim had decorated comment towards wealth creator even now
my weightage will remain
ICC long time then friends Kahar irrigation
and looting player fans count so
let's go Star Health you are writing letter that will also have to
die in consistent profitability in
this way stress will be removed
in consistent profitability the names of concern came up
village investigation
HDFC  ITC people are often difficult and
all this friends, this is the good thing about these companies, friends,
this is the only drawback of these companies, friends, you should put pistachios here, whoever
comes to give the batting will be
masturbating now,
and these three are good, what did you say about Star,
friends, girls, Star, let's
talk about Star, I
heard Taka has the market, which is good,
regularly the company and gas, this product is right good
about the other, it charges a premium of Rs 10,000 crore,
standalone health
insurance is high, plate, this policy
is distributed through your individual kitchen,
50% of the coverage comes through the agent,
whereas the other two companies
come with other channels, they
also have good coverage, whether it is a hospital or a hospital,
so look at the timeline,
in 2006 this company
introduced quality, in 2007 they introduced
online in-depth film settlement without
generation, so
in 208 months it initiated
doctors and patients in its claim
settlement and underwriting and in 2001 it became a board member
2000 in English breakup and
entered complete what we have to say so
these were the most different investment companies
they brought types of and they made
more money in Star Health let's ignore the
ride and right now all this is the
solution to give us the Northern Hemisphere
that you are taking such a low Akunth morning in life
last year in tears so give us a
little more tightening let's do the
complete calculation of the rate of more than 19
baby whose flour I clicked on my
account it wrote GPS and margin also so
I am getting this much that reading of the text from 3 is much more than
seven and a half
lakhs upwards the sale price will
cross 10,000 crores in 2022 this year
Greater Good One Land Mortgage will beat
people 10,000 crores profit if I
remind you friends Pot Aman
but you will also continue to earn profit
maintain a low margin of your chart there is
also a pocket of 400 crores which
is difficult because all  I will get the history of ₹1
Office of Chief Arvind It is made of three and a half rupees
You are subject positive Look at this story You will make
profit that too on ₹300 and a half Believe
revenue I am doing rs.900
Friends by
2030 it is possible that the company group is going to
fight till then I hope
in 2025 it will reach a turnover of 20 thousand crores By
2000 we will
see close to 50 thousand crores
Friends in India there are no such companies in general insurance
which are lying now Read as
India will use it we will see small companies coming up
and the big companies
like Adaptive played here and the big ones will
not grow in profit so
I would expect a little more crore
from this company Very Fair Value of 2000
2001 Friends I hope
how did the price of Abhinav Surya happen Friends no it
is good that anytime after the IPO when it
falls to around 500 rupees then you should definitely
buy it  Even then my
first priority will be Bajaj and
Confident injured a little time, so let's give star
rating, it's time to give one star, I will give it one star for
market share, so
who should have got Margaret Chan's award, they have done a
tasty ad, but let's do a
little partiality, by
partiality in the setting, in our hair, so by
taking this number one, we will give one star to 14
brands, brother, star is a brand, it has just
reached home, we will
look at the I group, those who have the highest
because these are big players in health, so
one star group should get a putting
star meeting between them, what happened, it came in front of them,
babaaz and tips, first
meeting friends, so I will take that, for the
vest, these companies
appointed for belt,
who is the pest inspector, there are three
companies that you have big chips and recharge
pins,
friends, let's press here, did you like it,
see, when we provide long jump, it is
very important to share some things,
my target was fixed, to
quickly form a group and give you some points for muscle power,
that this will be the servant  And
for proper, you see this son, it has been shared immediately,
still some people will
definitely ask in the comments that in which company are you going to invest in general insurance,
then
I will definitely wait for your comments, if
you have any suggestion, you can definitely call on this number, it is given
on the stalls, the website
is given and you can learn the road by downloading our app,
now thank you from the side of use button,
thank you very much
that tea him traffic is very loot